That's a good word.
This should be a treasure from the early Qing Dynasty.
This body is round
Must be thin and light
It's a good baby
Only the first of your 10 treasures is more valuable.
These two pieces are common porcelain in the late Qing Dynasty
Everything else is fake
worthless
But it's already great
This shows that you have done your homework on Qing Dynasty relics
Why are there only 3 pieces?
Those people tricked me into selling antiques
How can you believe them?
Escape on your own
It's time to see mine
Are you babies trying to test my level?
This is the treasure of the Tang Dynasty
This tone is warm
This craftsmanship is exquisite
Elegant shape
Where did you escape, baby?
Can you sell him to me?
Please look at the second one first.
Is this a bigger baby?
Is that a noun?
These are all genuine.
It's worth billions.
Can you sell me a few pieces?
No, one will do.
I will pay all the price.
If you can't afford it alone
It is also possible to call your friend.
How is it, big nephew?
Why don't you kneel down and beg me
I'll consider not taking your
Li San's true feelings
One more game
Young master, absolutely not
These were bought at a high price just now.
It's all lost now.
Your account is overdrawn.
Now you have an account with your company.
What's wrong, sir?